
INTRO BLOCK

Build Fast,learn faster,but the foundational structure must be there for anything to be sustainable long-term and worthy of trust. 

Lovinia MaK was the founder of ESL.Connection. She has a Level 7 graduate diploma in teaching. She taught levelled-reading and writing for K-12 and Workplace English for adults. She also developed O.L.I.V.E (Online Learning Integrated Virtual Environment) on Moodle. Separately, she created English Through Art, a Reggio-Emilia inspired right-brain approach that lowers the affect barrier for children in second language learning. 

Lovinia is also the founder of Clarity Awareness Coaching. (Now Clarity Awareness Cognitive Architecture Systems). CAC focusses on the intersections that cause the experience of "feeling stuck" in a transformation, in communication or sales. Lovinia is also a certified practitioner of EFT (Emotional Freedom Technique) and incorporates EFT in private coaching and consultative work.

 Prior to teaching, Lovinia was in Advertising, Market Research, Sales, Corporate Communications, Content Editing - having worked with companies like AC Nielsen Media, Market Behaviour London, Technology Park Malaysia and Asia E-Golf (a subsidiary of IREKA). Lovinia's first non-fiction book, The Structureless Potential, is scheduled to be published later in 2026. 


STRUCTURE BLOCK 

Lovina's philosophy is that human problems are solvable in the same way business and engineering problems are solvable. Simple is not the same thing as easy. What is required is asking the right questions at the right level and having enough data, cross domain knowledge to see the substrate layer underneath a given application. The end user never needs to know everything about the materials sciences and physics behind a given thing. They need just enough to deconstruct complexity and construct something usable and meaningful within a given scope. The linchpin is the human ability to articulate a vision or idea to transmit it with precision -  either in notation, drawings or language. 